opweb/README.md, before:

# opweb
(DEPRECATED)

A webserver for accessing openpilot data and files. Listens on port 5050. Access
via http://ip-address:5050 or http://tici:5050 if your router supports device
hostname dns queries.

## Branch
[pfeifer-opweb](https://github.com/pfeiferj/openpilot/tree/pfeifer-opweb)
\-
[diff](https://github.com/commaai/openpilot/compare/master...pfeiferj:openpilot:pfeifer-opweb)


## Status
Deprecated

[Changelog](./CHANGELOG.md)

Development is being done on a rewrite using the go programming language for
better performance.

## Comment Blocks Text
PFEIFER - OPWEB

## Screenshots
Home Page (shows most recent route)
![Home Page](./screenshots/home.png?raw=true)


Params (Data/Mem tabs do not display if not using params in /dev/shm/params)
![Params Page](./screenshots/params.png?raw=true)


Videos
![Videos Page](./screenshots/videos.png?raw=true)


Logs
![Logs Page](./screenshots/logs.png?raw=true)


Log Viewer
![Log Viewer Page](./screenshots/log_viewer.png?raw=true)


Settings
![Settings Page](./screenshots/settings.png?raw=true)


Update
![Update Page](./screenshots/update.png?raw=true)


Light Mode (dynamically switches based on clients OS theme)
![Home Page With Light Theme](./screenshots/light_mode.png?raw=true)


Mobile

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pfeiferj/openpilot/pfeifer-openpilot-patches/opweb/screenshots/mobile.png" alt="Home Page on Mobile" width="400" />

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pfeiferj/openpilot/pfeifer-openpilot-patches/opweb/screenshots/mobile-menu.png" alt="Nav menu on Mobile" width="400" />

Commit message:

point to new version of opweb

opweb/README.md, after:

# opweb
(DEPRECATED) - All future development will be done on a version written in go.
Please see [opweb-go](https://github.com/pfeiferj/openpilot/tree/pfeifer-openpilot-patches/opweb-go).

A webserver for accessing openpilot data and files. Listens on port 5050. Access
via http://ip-address:5050 or http://tici:5050 if your router supports device
hostname dns queries.

## Branch
[pfeifer-opweb](https://github.com/pfeiferj/openpilot/tree/pfeifer-opweb)
\-
[diff](https://github.com/commaai/openpilot/compare/master...pfeiferj:openpilot:pfeifer-opweb)


## Status
Deprecated

[Changelog](./CHANGELOG.md)

Development is being done on a rewrite using the go programming language for
better performance.

## Comment Blocks Text
PFEIFER - OPWEB

## Screenshots
Home Page (shows most recent route)
![Home Page](./screenshots/home.png?raw=true)


Params (Data/Mem tabs do not display if not using params in /dev/shm/params)
![Params Page](./screenshots/params.png?raw=true)


Videos
![Videos Page](./screenshots/videos.png?raw=true)


Logs
![Logs Page](./screenshots/logs.png?raw=true)


Log Viewer
![Log Viewer Page](./screenshots/log_viewer.png?raw=true)


Settings
![Settings Page](./screenshots/settings.png?raw=true)


Update
![Update Page](./screenshots/update.png?raw=true)


Light Mode (dynamically switches based on clients OS theme)
![Home Page With Light Theme](./screenshots/light_mode.png?raw=true)


Mobile

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pfeiferj/openpilot/pfeifer-openpilot-patches/opweb/screenshots/mobile.png" alt="Home Page on Mobile" width="400" />

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pfeiferj/openpilot/pfeifer-openpilot-patches/opweb/screenshots/mobile-menu.png" alt="Nav menu on Mobile" width="400" />
